


"""

Blank for now, but the game controller will have the following responsibilities:

Communicate Godot engine requests to the Powder Magic interface.

static spell design:
I can directly control spell velocity. Set the velocity of all particles within a given looping path in the sigil graph (fully described by the AI on spell creation)
Trend the particle velocity to be the same as that of it's parent sigil, to some given maximum applicable acceleration per frame. 
If a particle exits the sigil boundary, it disappears. Looping sigils should always have inwards velocity on particles they create, because if the velcoity of the sigil line is outwards then the
particles generated by it will be instantly deleted by the sigil boundary.

Sigils have boundaries, one on each side. Like a semipermeable cell membrane. Particles encountering the sigil from a given side can be either permitted or destroyed.
This comes in the form of a boundary blacklist. Everything on the blacklist is destroyed instantly.

For most static spells, particles destroyed are replaced using the player's mana pool.


The obvious exception to this blacklist system is any form of playerium.

Circles are quite useful, actually. They can generate enclosed spaces, or a thin circular barrier by using two circles, one enclosed in another.

Sigil lines direct velocity. The AI is also permitted to draw gravity lines in sigils, creating points of gravity for particles to gather at. These combined make for cool spells.





Sigils have parents and children.



















"""